FIX: allow rss feeds to have an enclosure with length of 0 (#9967)
withastro/astro: .changeset/tidy-spoons-suffer.md

---
"@astrojs/rss": patch
---

> Update validation to allow for enclosures to have a length of 0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows `enclosure' to have a length of 0
```
